## About
***

This website is generated by the Squid Squad for viewing near-real-time 
oceanographic and fishing conditions on the NES. The Squid Squad is a highly 
collaborative interdisciplinary group of experts from industry, academia, 
government, and management.  


## Caveats 

+ Sea surface temperature (SST) and Chlorophyll-A data are derived from 
satellite imagery and the data displayed are the weekly means (left panel) and 
weekly anomaly (right panel). 

+ Subsurface data (bottom temperature, salinity, data are derived via a regional 
ocean model, GLORYS/DOPPIO. It is important to note that while the modeled data
assimilates in-situ data but should be interpreted with caution as this is a 
modeled not measured product.  

## Data availability 
***

##### **SST** 
The satellite and oceanographic data displayed on this site are publicly 
available. The sea surface temperature (SST) satellite data can be sourced 
online at either of the following locations:

+ Links pointing to original source 
+ Links pointing to ERDDAP 

##### **CHL-A**
The ocean color data (CHL-A) can be sourced online at either of the following
locations:

+ Links pointing to original source 
+ Links pointing to ERDDAP 

##### **Bottom Temperature**
The ocean color data (CHL-A) can be sourced online at either of the following
locations:

+ Links pointing to original source 
+ Links pointing to ERDDAP 

##### **Salinity**
The ocean color data (CHL-A) can be sourced online at either of the following
locations:

+ Links pointing to original source 
+ Links pointing to ERDDAP 

##### **WCR**
The Warm Core Ring trajectory information (2011–2020) is available online and 
can be accessed via this [link](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.6436380). 

##### **Squid data**
Study Fleet and Observer fishery dependent data are confidential, according to 
NAO 216-100, but can be made available in aggregated form upon request.
For Observer data, please contact Gina Shield (gina.shield@noaa.gov). 
For Study Fleet data, please contact Anna Mercer (anna.mercer@noaa.gov).

Quota monitoring images are sources from the 
[Quota Monitoring site](https://www.greateratlantic.fisheries.noaa.gov/ro/fso/reports/SMB/CURRENT_REPORTS/illex_qm.html) 
hosted by NOAA's Greater Atlantic Fisheries Office (GARFO).


###### Interactive maps were made using Leaflet software
Leaflet | Tiles © Esri — Sources: GEBCO, NOAA, CHS, OSU, UNH, CSUMB, National Geographic, DeLorme, NAVTEQ, and Esri










